1.
Frame should contain 4 buttons.(Red Green Blue Yellow).
Change color of Panel according to the button clicked.
Try event handling for 2 buttons using actionCommand.
Try event handling using comparison of source buttons.
You need 2 different ActionListeners here.
	
2.
Create a frame containing 3 check boxes.(Windows,Linux and MacOS).
Frame contains a label also.Label will contain the text of selected 
operating systems only.If you deselect any operating system,it should disappear from label.
Label should show names of OS in the order of users selection.
e.g. If user selects OS in the sequence Windows,MacOS and Linux,Label should display same sequence.

3.Create a list containing weekdays.Create a choice control containing Months.
Create a label also on frame.If you select month,label should display month name.
If you select weekday ,Label should display weekday.You may select multiple
weekdays at a time.

4.Repeat Que3 using MouseListener interface.

5.Create a close button on frame.On clicking close frame should close.
But on a click,first ask user if he wants to close or not.
Ask this on CONSOLE.If user enters "YES" ,close the window,if user enters "NO",
do not close the window.For any other input , give message wrong input and 
ask hime to enter "YES" OR "NO".
Remember,the confirmation is to be done on console.
(This is not a dialog box code).
	
6.Create 2 textfields on frame.One will take only alphabets as input
and other will take only integers as input.

7.Create 3 text fields on frame.First 2 textfields are for FirstName and LastName.
Third one is for phone number.Create a button and a lable also.
On the button click,label should display Name and Phone number.
Complete the code with all validation.
-Name text fields should not contain digits.
-One text field should not contain 2 names
-phone textfield should contain only numbers.
-phone textfield should contain maximum 12 digits
-When you click on submit button ,no any textfield should be empty.
If empty,ask user to fill that text field.Redirect focus to empty text field.
(Think how will you give message to user when text field is empty.
You can use label to give message.The label will display message for 5 seconds only(Thread)).

8.Create a mainframe containingn a button "CLOSE".
On the click of close button,open a dialog box,which will ask user,"Do you want to close?".
Dialog box will contain 2 buttons,"YES" and "NO".
Then close the dialog box using red button at upper right corner.
Once you do this,try to close mainframe when user clicks "YES" button on dialog box.
Try all the possible ways you know.
